this is a quick gameplay video of
Minecraft by now Sony Xperia Z this is
pocket minecraft feast version 6 no
point six zero something you can do
where you bits and bobs weeks of
minecraft dig up do it your life just
running this is on play for most sellers
no baddies never he thing put it on the
backboard mode ok the little creatures
video we've made a few things just
making about very early about 10 minutes
hey sorry I'm late
took about what 10 minutes to show you
can make stuff it runs pretty good so
it's not as good as the Xbox version you
know all the different bits and bobs
maybe all in different bits this is in
craft mode often it's cold but you can
do it in there and this is crazy if mo
you can do it you know another mode of
this the other mode school all right
this is less minecraft just running on
the Android 4.1 - where is my sony
xperia is it has got quite motor no
people I say it's got the air-crane
motor
I'll just show the title screen pocket
more and qualified and experienced it
focuses yes the version
it's got joining game start gaem option
so if you look at this joining game
searches for Wi-Fi I have a Wi-Fi
devices running it and I did find one it
took about 10 minutes a little while ago
and we've got options just show you what
you're fighting there change all
difference changing user name fancy
graphics you can turn on I've done a
much different it doesn't just self
control scenes all right those back up
you can go to start going I've got um
that's the one well made that little
YouTube sign and you can start new quite
new and just shake up quite you've
change the name Burnett if you want yeah
I bet changing the name of it
and the survival mode you can add the
little jet well generating it start yeah
it starts a vital mode if you place was
pretty quickly don't take long to load
of training
because
hey Steve you can go to view you can
change the view no no Barnard atop a
little dots on and you got a few there
volume change a view but today this is
survival mode so it's not a quite
special avoidance abilities creepers